QA (landing pages & reference) (#187)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/insomnia/data-security.md

    a: The ability to share Resource Groups is the reason that every Resource Group needs its own key, and every account needs a public/private key-pair to securely share said key. Here’s an example involving two users, Jane and Bob. For Jane to share a Resource Group with Bob, she must encrypt the Resource Group’s key with Bob’s public key and store it on the server (M_Link). Now, Bob can use his account’s private key to decrypt the Resource Group’s key and gain access to the data. This is a classic example of the Diffie-Hellman key exchange being put to good use.
---

> {{ page.description | liquify }} E2EE means that all encryption keys are generated locally, all encryption is performed before sending any data over the network, and all decryption is performed after receiving data from the network. At no point in the sync process can the Insomnia servers, or an intruder read or access sensitive application project data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All Insomnia project data is encrypted end-to-end (E2EE). E2EE means that all encryption keys are generated locally, all encryption is performed before sending any data over the network, and all decryption is performed after receiving data from the network. At no point in the sync process can the Insomnia servers, or an intruder read or access sensitive application project data.
```
